README.md, before:

# Number Guessing Game 

A game for guessing a number between 0 and 100

[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/thiagodnf/guess-the-number.svg)](https://github.com/dimilidi/Number_Guessing_Game/releases/latest)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/thiagodnf/guess-the-number.svg)](https://github.com/dimilidi/Number_Guessing_Game/graphs/contributors)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/thiagodnf/guess-the-number.svg)](https://github.com/dimilidi/Number_Guessing_Game)
[![MIT Licence](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)

<img src="./src/main/resources/logo.png" width="500px">

## How it Works
 Number Guessing Game is a game in which your opponent (the computer) chooses a random number between 1 and 100 and your task is to guess this number. After each number you enter, the computer will give you a hint of whether the number is greater or less than the number you selected until you guess the correct number. 
 
 You win the game when your number matches the computer number.
 
## Technologies
- Java 
- JavaFX: Used for creating the graphical user interface (GUI).

This is a good game to code because it uses random numbers, loops, and input from the user in a short Java program. You’ll learn how to convert values to different data types, and why you would need to do this.

## Link to the Game
[Number Guessing Game](#)

## Screenshots

## Questions or suggestions
Feel free to access the <a href="../../discussions">discussions tab</a> as you need.

## Contribute

Contributions to this project are very welcome! We can't do this alone! Feel free to fork this project, work on it and then make a pull request.

## License

Licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

jar file added and README updated

README.md, after:

# Number Guessing Game 

A game for guessing a number between 0 and 100

[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/thiagodnf/guess-the-number.svg)](https://github.com/dimilidi/Number_Guessing_Game/releases/latest)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/thiagodnf/guess-the-number.svg)](https://github.com/dimilidi/Number_Guessing_Game/graphs/contributors)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/thiagodnf/guess-the-number.svg)](https://github.com/dimilidi/Number_Guessing_Game)
[![MIT Licence](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)

<img src="./src/main/resources/logo.png" width="500px">

## How it Works
 Number Guessing Game is a game in which your opponent (the computer) chooses a random number between 1 and 100 and your task is to guess this number. After each number you enter, the computer will give you a hint of whether the number is greater or less than the number you selected until you guess the correct number. 
 
 You win the game when your number matches the computer number.
 
## Technologies
- Java 
- JavaFX: Used for creating the graphical user interface (GUI).

This is a good game to code because it uses random numbers, loops, and input from the user in a short Java program. You’ll learn how to convert values to different data types, and why you would need to do this.

## Link to the Game
Here is the desktop version of the game
[Number Guessing Game](./src/main/resources/demo1.jar)
[Number Guessing Game JAR](./out/artifacts/demo1_jar/demo1.jar)

## Screenshots

## Questions or suggestions
Feel free to access the <a href="../../discussions">discussions tab</a> as you need.

## Contribute

Contributions to this project are very welcome! We can't do this alone! Feel free to fork this project, work on it and then make a pull request.

## License

Licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the following individuals, institutions and sources who have played a significant role in the development of this app:
- [Random code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8ahBtXkQzU): Thank you for helping me to export my JavaFK project into an executable jar file with IntelliJ.
- [SoftUni](https://softuni.bg/): I appreciate the idea and the initial motivation you gave me with the Java console game "Guess A Number"
